Product Backlog 2

User Stories						        	 Estimated Time to Completion
(NEW COMMANDS)
- As a user, I must be able to recursively list			   		7 hours
all the subdirectories of the given directory or 
the current directory using ls command.
- As a user, I must be able to move an item to a 		   		10 hours
new path. If the new path is a directory, I 
should be able to move the item into the directory.
- As a user, I must be able to copy an item to			   		10 hours
a new path. If the old path is a directory, then
the content inside should be copied recursively.
- As a user, I must be able to enter multiple 			   		10 hours
arguments in the cat command and get a display
of the contents in each file; if a path is invalid,
I should see an appropriate error and it should still
display the contents of the other valid path files.
- As a user, I must be able to retrieve a file at a 		   	 	2 hours
given URL and add it to the current working directory.
- As a user, I must be able to use the exclamation		    		1 hour
point "!" to execute the history[number] command
using the command !number.
- As a user, I must be able to see all my files, 	       			15 hours
along with their paths, that contain REGEX if I provide 
"-R". If I don't provide "-R", I must be able to see 
any lines that contain REGEX in the path that I provide.

(OLD COMMANDS to be implemented/improved (due to new requirements in 2b))
- As a user, I can push the current working directory 				2 hours
onto the directory stack, which behaves in a LIFO 
manner, and save my changes in a new current working 		
directory that I specify.
- As a user, I can pop the top (most recent) directory				2 hours
from the directory stack, which behaves in a LIFO 
manner, and change my current directory into the one 
popped.
- As a user, I must be able to gather a history					3 hours
of my commands from the oldest command to the most 
recent command. I must also be able to specify the 
number of the most recent commands I would like to see.
- As a user, I must be able to see the contents of 				2 hours
any specified file as well as other files concatenated.
- As a user, I must be able to find any file of any type			5 hours
by searching in an indicated directory or directories 
by a relative path or an absolute path.
